DOC-1994: Added TINY-9664 to the release notes. (#2732)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Table toolbar was visible even if the table was within a `contenteditable="false"` host element.
//#TINY-9664

> In previous versions of {productname}, the table toolbar would remain visible even if the table was within a `contenteditable= "false"` host element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, the table toolbar would remain visible even if the table was within a `contenteditable="false"` host element.
```

> === Table toolbar was visible even if the table was within a `contenteditable="false"` host element.
> //#TINY-9664
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the table toolbar would remain visible even if the table was within a `contenteditable="false"` host element.
> 
> As a consequence, the table context toolbar was displayed, despite the buttons being unusable.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, this issue has been resolved. The editor no longer shows the table context toolbar when the selection is within a `contenteditable="false"` host element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== The Table toolbar was visible even if the table was within an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute.
//#TINY-9664

In previous versions of {productname}, the table toolbar remained visible even if the table was within a host element that had the `contenteditable="false"` attribute set, making the Table read-only, and making the visible Table toolbar unhelpful, at best.

In {productname} 6.5, this issue has been resolved. The editor no longer shows the Table toolbar when the selection is within a host element that has the `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
```
Edits.
